Fix helm values for demo and uninstall steps (#3396)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/setup/kubernetes/helm-install/index.md

1.  Update Helm's local package cache with the location of the Helm daily release:

    {{< text bash >}}

>     $ helm repo add istio.io "https://gcsweb.istio.io/gcs/istio-prerelease/daily-build/release-1.1-latest-daily/charts/"

Reviewer: I'm concerned with all these pink lines with a -. What has changed on these lines throughout the file?

Reviewer 2: Blank lines were removed.

Reviewer 3: @geeknoid these blank lines wer eintroduced by me.  The linter, when run locally from the docker container complain about missing blank lines around blocks.
I mentioned this on slack without context.   Here is the context :)

    {{< /text >}}

1. Choose one of the following two **mutually exclusive** options described below.

>     * To use Kubernetes manifests to deploy Istio, follow the instructions for [option 1](/docs/setup/kubernetes/helm-install/#option-1-install-with-helm-via-helm-template).

Reviewer 2: What is the key difference here? Option 2 also uses manifests but through Tiller. To avoid confusion for the readers, be explicit:
```suggestion
    * To to deploy Istio without using Tiller, follow the instructions for [option 1](/docs/setup/kubernetes/helm-install/#option-1-install-with-helm-via-helm-template).
```

1. Make an Istio working directory for fetching the charts:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ mkdir -p $HOME/istio-fetch
    {{< /text >}}

1. Fetch the helm templates needed for installation:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ helm fetch istio.io/istio-init --untar --untardir $HOME/istio-fetch
    $ helm fetch istio.io/istio --untar --untardir $HOME/istio-fetch
    {{< /text >}}

1. Create a namespace for the `istio-system` components:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl create namespace istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

1. Install all the Istio's [Custom Resource Definitions or CRDs for short](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/#customresourcedefinitions) via `kubectl apply`, and wait a few seconds for the CRDs to be committed to the Kubernetes API server:

    {{< text bash >}}

>     $ helm template $HOME/istio-fetch/istio-init --name istio-init --namespace istio-system | kubectl apply -f -

Reviewer 4: This needs the flag to for demo installs I think

Author: I did not do anything special here and it worked.

Reviewer 4: You are right I misread this. Thanks!

1. Render and apply Istio's core components:

>     * For a production environment use the recommended Helm values or customize as needed:

Reviewer 4: It may be a little more clear if you explicitly mention this requires a larger cluster. Also very minor, but we may want to put this second - people may tend to use the first command offered

Author: You are right about the first option, but we still need to put production first.

The size of a cluster depends on the size of the app being installed and the number of replicas. We may need to document the min size required for Istio. Do we have data for this @mandarjog ?

Reviewer 2: Please do not use bullets for branching paths in procedures. They complicate content structure and can cause confusion with readers. Instead modify the step to  inform readers that the command only works in production environments.
```suggestion
    1. Render and apply Istio's core components in a production environment using the recommended Helm values and customize as needed:
```

Reviewer 3: @andraxylia I would also like us to doucment hte minimum requred for production defaults (memory and CPU count).  I don't know what these values are, but they have been increased recently and are likely to cause failures during deploy that are nearly silent.  This happend to me as i was testing this document, and it took me 20 minutes to figure out I didn't have enough worker cpus (I had 4 iirc).

Author: @rcaballeromx Your suggestion does not work for hierarchical bullets, it displays an actual '1.'

@sdake Please submit a separate PR for further improvements and let's get this in.

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ helm template $HOME/istio-fetch/istio --name istio --namespace istio-system | kubectl apply -f -
    {{< /text >}}

>     *  To try the `bookinfo` demo, use Helm values customized for the `bookinfo` application:

Reviewer 2: This text and the corresponding command should be a in a call out. To learn more about callouts in Istio, visit: https://preliminary.istio.io/about/contribute/creating-and-editing-pages/#callouts
```suggestion
    {{< tip >}}
    To try the `bookinfo` demo, use the Helm values customized for the `bookinfo` application:
    {{< text bash >}}
    $ helm template $HOME/istio-fetch/istio --name istio --values install/kubernetes/helm/istio/values-istio-demo.yaml --namespace istio-system | kubectl apply -f -
    {{< /text >}}
    {{< /tip >}}
```
Please verify the content renders correctly. The nesting is theoretically possible but I have never done it nor know of a place where we already use it.

Reviewer 3: I think we need to separate the eval mode from the prouction mode.

1. Install the `istio` chart:

>     * For a production environment use the recommended Helm values or customize as needed:

Reviewer 2: Se my comments on the previous instance.

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ helm install istio --name istio --namespace istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

    * To try the `bookinfo` demo, use Helm values customized for the `bookinfo` application:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ helm install istio --name istio --values install/kubernetes/helm/istio/values-istio-demo.yaml --namespace istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

## Uninstall

> 

Reviewer 3: thanks @andraxylia - I had a PR in progress (and in the queue) for this work, but my lab is down and nonfunctional so my PR is stranded on gear I can't connect to :)

* If you installed using Option 1 with `helm template`, uninstall with this command:

    {{< text bash >}}

>     $ kubectl delete namespace istio-system

Reviewer 3: this is insufficient.  while deleting hte istio-system namesapce will get rid of most istio stuff, there are some things installed in the default namespace that must also be removed.

Author: I merely re-organized the uninstall steps do they are not right after the install.

What else is needed and can it be done in a separate PR? This is meant to unblock people who follow these instructions for testing.
